---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Who We Are
category: who
---

**Catlin Adami** - a San Francisco native has always been inspired by the landscape and beauty of the Bay Area. She’s been working with glass for 18 years, including stained glass, mosaics, fusing and beadmaking. She teaches stained glass and mosaics to adults and children and has sold her work in galleries and shows around the Bay Area.

**Dan Bales** is a founding member and long time director of the Bay Area percussion collective Gamelan X. He has travelled throughout the US and Indonesia performing new works by master Balinese musicians as well as many of his own original compositions. As a recipient of a 2015 Black Rock Arts grant he built a gigantic interactive marimba that had its premiere at the Burning Man festival. His passion for music ranges from the ukulele to electronic music and loves to inspire creativity in all of his travels. 


**Danny Clay** is a composer and teaching artist based in the Bay Area. He frequently works with professional and amateur artists alike, often side-by-side, to build collaborative, inclusive, curiosity-driven musical experiences. Recent collaborators include Kronos Quartet, Eighth Blackbird, Third Coast Percussion, and his elementary school students at Zion Lutheran School in San Francisco.


**Rae Diamond** is the founder and director of and composer for the Long Tone Choir. As an interdisciplinary artist, Rae translates light and shadow onto paper with charcoal, graphite, ink, tea, crow quills, and fingers, and builds sound and sculpture installations out of twigs, jars, wax paper, thread, seeds, and breath. Through her creative inquiries and explorations, Rae seeks to bring herself and others into a closer and deeper relationship with nature. Rae teaches long tone and other extended vocal techniques nationally to people of all ages and backgrounds, and spends as much time as possible rambling around in nature. raediamond.com


**April Gavin** returns to CAMP 510 this year with even more artful sewing projects.  She learned to sew at the age of 5 by converting hand-me-downs into one of a kind garments. Her current work includes mixed media textile forms.  Her work has been shown at the Olive Hyde Gallery, Berkeley Art Center, and The San Luis Obispo Museum of Art. She enjoys teaching both children and adults and sews for theater and private clients.  


**Gregory Gavin** is a visual artist with a social cause. His site specific project called “Riveropolis,” was born out of his interest in bringing inner-city people together in a man-made environment reminiscent of nature. With this project, Gavin hopes to create a meeting place for people in much the same way as a watering hole found in nature is a meeting places for animals. He’s been commissioned by the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, the de Young Museum, and has piloted summer camps for the Bay Area Discovery Museum and MOCHA.


**Katie Harrell** A musician and a composer, Katie studied music at Mills College. Katie was granted a Fulbright scholarship in 2015 to study classical Balinese vocal music for a year in Bali, Indonesia. She also plays the piano, with a special interest in music for prepared piano.In addition to her journey as a musician, she has a wide range of administrative experience in small to large-scale nonprofit arts organizations, including The Crucible, Thingamajigs, and Gamelan Sekar Jaya.


**Anna Kingsley** is an Oakland-based letterpress printer, book binder, and teacher. She presently operates Pickypockets Press, a letterpress studio and bindery. Anna also teaches origami in many after school programs with Jennifer Linderman of Origami Mami, an origami program which teaches traditional origami forms in a fun and playful setting.
Anna is the mother to three teenage daughters who attend Oakland schools.


**Selena Matranga**


**Judith Schoenbaum** A native of Baltimore, Judith Schoenbaum received a BA in Fine Arts from the University of Vermont and has instructed people of all ages, throughout a wide range of teaching experiences on both East and West Coasts, including retreats in the desert and Mexico. Her 2D work ranges from pastel landscapes, to mixed-media abstracts. She also makes figurative, decorative and functional art from recycled and natural materials.



**Merav Tzur**


**Kim Upsill** is an artist, chef, and writer based between  Berkeley and Berlin. She hosts and cooks pop-up cafes and events that investigate foods ability to inspire participation. Kim has taught cooking classes to adults, children, and artists.
She likes getting messy and involved. 
She dislikes industrial mayonnaise.



**Lexa Walsh** is an interdisciplinary socially engaged artist based in Oakland, CA. Walsh has lived, worked, exhibited and toured internationally. She was a recipient of Southern Exposure’s Alternative Exposure Award, the CEC Artslink Award, Meet the Composer Award, and the Gunk Grant. She has shown and performed across the east and west coasts at venues such as Apexart, Smack Mellon, The Exploratorium, The Lab, Mills College Art Museum, Oakland Museum of California, SFMoMA, Yerba Buena Center for the Arts and Portland Art Museum and has done several international artist residencies and projects in Europe and Asia. She is a graduate of PSU’s Art & Social Practice MFA program and was recently the Social Practice Artist in Residence at Portland Art Museum.

**Emily Weiss** is a sculptor and recent BFA graduate of Mills College in Oakland. In previous summers, Emily has taught sculpture at CAMP, and also held the Afternoon Site Director position. Emily will be teaching advanced sculpture for STart and XP CAMPers in 2018.


**Angie Wilson** Angie's work has been exhibited at Headlands Center for the Arts, the de Young Museum, San Francisco Arts Commission Gallery, di Rosa, Oakland Museum of California, San Jose Museum of Quilts and Textiles, City College of San Francisco, Cult/Aimee Friberg Exhibitions, and Root Division. She has been awarded fellowships and residencies at the de Young Museum, Headlands Center for the Arts, Djerassi Resident Artists Program, and the National Institute of Art and Disabilities. Also a costume designer for theater and dance, she has created costumes for the American Conservatory Theater, Lines Ballet, Project Bandaloop, the Destiny Arts Youth Performance Company, and Embodiment Project. Angie is passionate about working with young people to teach art and leadership skills. She lives in Oakland with her wife and four year old daughter.


**Morning Site-Director:** Joanella “Jo” Mendoza was born and raised in San Jose and spent most of her younger years playing softball, fishing and camping with family, and working at various sports camps for young children. Jo graduated from University of California-Riverside in 2012 where she studied Creative Writing and played on the women’s softball team. Immediately after graduating from UCR, Jo joined Teach for America to follow her dreams of becoming a teacher.  From 2012-2016, Jo taught 3rd/4th grade as a multiple subjects teacher, and she is currently in her second year of teaching TK-5th Computer Lab. Throughout all her years of teaching, Jo always made it a point to bring art into her teaching, as well as to encourage students to bring creativity and out of the box thinking into all their work. This summer, Jo is looking forward to seeing what new and exciting creations the CAMPers have in store!


**Program Director: Edward Schocker** is a composer and educator who creates music with made/found materials and alternate tuning systems. For over 10 years Edward has been conducting music and instrument building workshops in Europe, Asia and North America to people of all ages. UESCO sponsored him to conduct a special bi-communal collaborative program in Cyprus to build understanding between communities in conflict. Currently Edward lives in the Bay Area and balances his time between composition, education, and his nonprofit organization called Thingamajigs.


**Co-Founder/Owner & Project Curator:** Charity is a multimedia installation artist with a background in film/video, music, languages and dance. Her film career has extended from music videos and experimental art films to Hollywood blockbusters and cable television and directing film festivals. She currently makes sculptural media installations for galleries. 


**Co-Founder/Owner:** Corey is an artist and an entrepreneur. Corey is a realtor with Orange Door Properties at Red Oak Realty. Corey has a background in art and event planning, and as a volunteer coordinator at the East Bay Mini Maker Faire. 