---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 6 XP2 (July 25-29)&#58; Welding
category: xp
image: https://photos-3.dropbox.com/t/2/AAATY1KzXOoPp66YT0kk62dvYjOGjnUA72Kj1GPSA3oEJA/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/IMG_2080.JPG/EPPnz0oY5rYBIAIoAg/v9BII_JEMJoSctPkO2Z0Qfs3VZilQYichMqVKUubpcg?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
image2: https://photos-6.dropbox.com/t/2/AABCxk0ye8cjR1JqmaIi_M90csvm7iobL7QQwQBhW2ENeQ/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/IMG_1559.JPG/EPPnz0oY3rYBIAIoAg/sAIHx35MYGt5k0t2eBHak_VrPeVzGj5hn_td7JqS77Y?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
---

##Welding Complexity in Nature


In this week-long intensive with Oakland-based master metal designer and fabricator, Doug Hellikson, CAMPers will learn and think about sculpture, design and metal fabrication through exploration of the complex geometry of nature.

CAMPers create and prototype their unique nature-inspired sculptures, before fabricating them in metal. We will use a wide range of techniques and tools including bending, shaping & cutting metal, and welding. CAMPers in this project will gain real exposure to welding and metal fabrication and will have the opportunity to use a plasma cutter, spot welder, mig welder as well as benders and rollers, hand shears, and arbor shears.

This is a very special and exciting opportunity, and it also requires maturity and mindfulness appropriate to the work of using such tools.

Appropriate attire is required to participate. All welding CAMPers are required to wear long pants, closed-toe shoes, and have covered ankles and wrists. A set of coveralls or other dispensable clothing like a long work-shirt and jeans, may be left at camp and worn over regular summer attire while in class. Gloves and masks will be provided.

**_Master Welder:_** Doug Hellikson

**_$475_**

*XP CAMPS are open to CAMPers entering grades 5-8*
