---
title: rates
category: rates
---

| Camp | Rate per week |
| ---- | ------------: |
| _STart CAMP_ |$400-450 |
|_XP CAMP_ | $460&#45;$480 |
| River Camp&#42; | $450 |


&#42; <br>Discounts do not apply to River Camp.

#### __Extended Care:__

   * $120/week for both AM/PM
   * $45/week Full extended morning
   * $100/week Full extended afternoon
   * $13.50/hour Drop-in extended care
   * $13/day Drop-in extended morning
   * $33/day Drop-in extended afternoon
   * $65/five hour extended care punch card

#### __Discounts:__

Join our mailing list for special discount offers.


#### __Financial Aid:__

CAMP 510 offers a limited amount of financial aid both in the form of work-trade and also on a first-come, first-served, need-proven basis. We will begin taking applications for Summer 2017 in early February. Email us for more information.

#### __Terms and Conditions__

Our Tax ID number is 45-4591514

Upon registration you will be emailed a confirmation of weeks enrolled and fees. This confirmation email will also include our Tax ID number again for your filing convenience, as well as a welcome packet overflowing with important information to help you and your CAMPer be prepared for their week at CAMP 510.

Please note:

CAMP 510 enrollment is non-transferable.
	That said, we do understand that sometimes your family schedule changes! We offer a one time enrollment transfer for your child to another week of CAMP that has spaces available for $25. Any increase in project fees will be applied.

In the event you need to cancel your child’s enrollment, we offer the following refunds:

• Two (or more) weeks prior to the camp week you are canceling: 50% refund

• Less than 2 weeks notice to camp week: no refund
