---
layout: info_layout
title: A HANDS-ON SUMMER CAMP IN OAKLAND FOR CURIOUS AND CREATIVE KIDS AGES 6-14
category: info
---

CAMP 510 exists to cultivate a community of makers who have the creative agency and confidence to help shape a better world. Seems rather revolutionary, and yes we believe that our children are capable and that they are inspired by opportunities to engage, learn and grow through their own creative and intelligent prowess. Here at CAMP, your child explores the innovative and magical in studio art, tinkering, public art, food and cooking, movement, building, soldering and welding, sewing, crafts, music, and more. Unique projects are carefully chosen for each week of CAMP and are scaled to be developmentally appropriate for each age group of CAMPers. Equipped with the right tools in a participatory community environment, these projects are led by professional artists, makers, performers, gardeners, teachers, and chefs in the spirit of D-I-T (do it together). CAMP 510 is located on the Park Day School campus in Temescal, Oakland. (*Campers must be 6 years old by or before their first day at CAMP)

### A Typical Day

#### __CAMP 510__ is an active verb environment where CAMPers create, make, grow, play and share.

In this diverse urban day camp community, unique projects are combined weekly for an immersive exploration of thematic artistic processes. Here, campers are challenged and encouraged as they learn from professional artists and tinkerers. Working individually and in groups, CAMP 510’s young makers are given the space to explore their own voices and visions. The day begins with morning circle time, a space where we shape our community, and create as a group, the guidelines by which we extend respect to those around us. Structured creative project times of the day are punctuated with free play time, quiet time and choice activity time. The CAMP day is from 9am-3:00pm. Extended Day (Club Time) hours are available from 8:00- 8:45 am and 3:00pm-6:00pm.

#### Daily Arrival and Departure:

8:00 – 9:00 am     – Extended Morning. Registration suggested.

9:00 – 9:15 am     – Supervised Free Time

9:15 – 9:30 am     – Circle Time – All Campers

9:30 – 10:45 am  - Project A

10:45 – 11:30 am  - Snack Time & Free Play

11:30 – 12:45 pm   – Project B

12:45 - 1:45 pm     – Lunch & Free Play/Choice Time &  15 minute Quiet Time (reading, finger knitting, drawing, resting, etc…)

1:45 – 3:00 pm     – Project C

3:00 – 3:15 pm      - Pick-up for campers not in extended day club time

3:15 – 3:45 pm     – Extended Day Afternoon Begins with Snack Time & Afternoon Circle

3:45 – 6:00 pm     – Club Time (Elective Activities)

Our main entrance is located at 360 42nd Street (where 42nd and Opal Street meet) This is the main entrance to Park Day School.

** Not familiar with Park Day School? Look for CAMP 510′s colorful flags, banners, and posters. **

Please park in the neighborhood (being mindful of driveways!!) and walk in to bring your CAMPer to camp. Alternately, bike parking is available on campus.

If you arrive after 3:15pm to pick up your camper a code is needed to access campus through the pedestrian gate.  You will receive this code on your first day at CAMP. As always if questions arise, please contact us! 510.610.7450

This year we also offer a variety of XP Projects, which are special focus projects designed to engage older CAMPers with more in-depth exploration. These classes are offered as week-long projects and the day will vary for CAMPers in the XP projects. The XP projects last from 9am to 3pm, so the day length is the same as for the other CAMPers. While shared community times will be the same for all CAMPers, including those enrolled in XP projects (such as circle time, recess and lunch), XP’ers will have three sessions of their focus project each day that, over the course of the week, will result in some spectacularly thoughtful creative investigations in areas such as leather-working; sculpture; cooking; structure design and building, etc.
If you have further questions about any XP project, please do not hesitate to contact us <a href="youandme@camp510.com">here</a>

#### Friday afternoon Gallery Crawl and social

Every Friday afternoon at 3:00pm, we will highlight the creative work of the week with a gallery exhibit and refreshments (usually made by campers in their cooking projects).

#### What is Time Club?

Team sports • origami • water play • board games • drawing • scavenger hunts • cooking • building marble runs that fill a room • rockets • reading • blogging • friendship bracelets • camera building • baking • gardening • fort building • sewing • large bubble blowing • music making • hula hooping • puppets • dance party…

#### Daily Fare: what (else) CAMP 510 provides:

• A CAMP 510 t-shirt (your camper will participate in silkscreening their own CAMP 510 shirt using up-cycled t-shirts brought from home). Professionally silk-screened hoodies are available for purchase.

• Morning and Afternoon snacks, homemade in our CAMP kitchen using local, seasonal and organic ingredients like Blossom Bluff peaches and Dirty Girl Farm tomatoes.

#### What you can send with your camper each day:

• A nutritious lunch

• Refillable water bottle (out of regard for our planet, disposable cups are not available)

• Wearing comfortable clothes appropriate for a variety of creative projects

• Sunscreen applied at home before camp (we can re/apply here)

• An apron or smock, if desired, for cooking, printmaking, etc.

• A clean (worn!) t-shirt to silkscreen (just once a week)

 