---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: RIVER Week 7 (August 1-5)&#58; Rivers and Oceans CAMP
category: river
image: https://photos-5.dropbox.com/t/2/AAAWCycvOHIEoVazCrea4_ckuKYb6vFp2471n_xpZzkBQg/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/IMG_1593.JPG/EPPnz0oY5rYBIAIoAg/ejyv-4L3xs8zAeHbtbM5FwsTBlZWx5yksk9THTt-tEY?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
---

##The Lost Continents of Atlantis

Young makers and architects will design their own architectural/landscape version of The Lost Continents of Atlantis. Our Atlantis will be composed of five floating “subcontinents” to ultimately be connected by causeways, bridges and working boats, thus becoming a Continent of Wonder. 

Working autonomously, and in teams of four, each collaborator will design an interlocking “pie slice” that comprises 1/4th of their subcontinent. This highly social and creative process of making island-continents will involve art, craft, design and plenty of social play. The process will culminate in a final floating exhibition after which each child will be able to take home their creations.

Each child’s detailed and mysterious “fantastical-floating-habitat-island-world” will measure approximately 20 inches in diameter and is built upon a base of salvaged wood and styrofoam. The landscapes and the architecture built on top of the base are made using a variety of craft media using paper, cardboard, clay, wood, dyed plants, and cleverly repurposed recycled materials available from the “Atlantis Trading Post.” 

In addition to theatrical architecture, our Atlantis will be populated with small whimsical creatures and imagined geology, flora and fauna. We will simultaneously think like inventors, architects and ecologists, inventing an Atlantis of fantastical landscape art replete with characters and stories to be proudly featured at our culminating grand tour event in an expansive “oceanopolis” format,1 and then taken home to be further shared and enjoyed.

**_Artist:_** Gregory Gavin

*A collaborative one-week project for 20 CAMPers entering grades 3-5*

_$440_
