---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 5 STart (July 18-22)&#58; Fired Up
category: start
image: https://photos-4.dropbox.com/t/2/AAA5iA35SJ8BUukMCl5M_XiOlEsmPrqaQMkptew9nrdrTA/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/greetings.jpg/EPPnz0oY27YBIAIoAg/H7mLBE_pGsIHcnH_CdpD7vHb2Gc29oSYU3bAfooIWa0?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
image2: https://photos-3.dropbox.com/t/2/AABM04Y4XyFOXZcXxQYi322iRviaEpIM2o68Nj63HhKWIQ/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/IMG_3675.JPG/EPPnz0oY27YBIAIoAg/xXB2rFrA-LsYpOtHB-n1eMB1VjnbabRHL_WzN-UFUcU?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
image3: https://photos-4.dropbox.com/t/2/AAA6stufjqfxXTpZQdq95py0Rx2duNXRXslluRMz5xKAnQ/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/IMG_3669.JPG/EPPnz0oY27YBIAIoAg/L18z24m_WEnjyuJaS4itTx6D_al1SfhyWXBio2ra-Ec?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
---

###Welding, Circuitry, Cooking

###Welding

CAMPers explore and think about sculpture, design and metal fabrication in this project led by Oakland-based master-metal designer and fabricator, Doug Hellikson. CAMPers will gain experience with the process and tools of welding. Studying the structure of insects, CAMPers create and fabricate their own metal sculptures–using a wide range of techniques and tools including bending, shaping & cutting metal, and welding. CAMPers will have the opportunity to use a plasma cutter and mig welder, as well as to work with benders and rollers, hand shears, and arbor shears.

In this course, CAMPers will gain real exposure to welding and metal fabrication. This is a very special and exciting opportunity, and it also requires a level of maturity and mindfulness appropriate to the work of using such tools.

Additionally, CAMPers are required to wear long pants, closed-toe shoes, and have covered ankles and wrists. A set of coveralls or other dispensable clothing like a long work-shirt and jeans, may be left at camp and worn over regular summer attire while in class. Appropriate clothing is required to participate each day. 

**_Artist:_** Doug Hellikson
 

###Tech & Circuits

Experience electricity in many forms with this year's first Rogue Making STart workshop. Play with motors, LEDs, and speakers by making tiny robots, paper circuits, wearable tech and more! Active and creative campers will thrive in Tenaya's makerspace environment, go Rogue this summer and get electronic! No experience necessary!

**_Artist:_** Tenaya Hurst


###Cooking

Peaches, strawberries, tomatoes, oh my! Experience the bounty of Bay Area summer food through hands-on cooking classes. CAMPers will begin to develop knife skills, learn to balance flavors, try new foods, and of course, there will be at least one day of baking. We focus on local and seasonal foods at CAMP 510, and the menus for each week reflect the optimum flavor and perfection of what is available. 

**_Chef:_** Nicole Thomas

**_$440_**

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
