---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 6 STart (July 25-29)&#58; Woodworking & Soundwaves
category: start
image: https://content-na.drive.amazonaws.com/cdproxy/templink/QbW0aGBGKH3WoKrWp2r-r5nSam8LF11dl5B7sUQbrhMLAYspN/alt/thumb?viewBox=1366
image2: https://content-na.drive.amazonaws.com/cdproxy/templink/DK5hTVf3fYAM1ucxnyYm4_xYS7E3H43jNonO3vpCriILAYspN/alt/thumb?viewBox=1366
---

##Carpentry, Sound, Cooking

###Lath Carpentry

In this Woodworking project, CAMPers learn how to safely use chop saws, hand saws, sanders, hammers, nail guns, sand paper, glue, stain and paint to create a wall piece of the child's own design. Our wood will be reclaimed Douglas-fir lath salvaged from 100-year old Oakland homes! We will build our skills over the week as we start with the design, moving to cutting and measuring techniques, moving to fitting wood pieces together (within a frame provided by the instructor) and attaching them to the backing with glue and nails. The art piece will culminate with students learning finishing techniques with non-toxic wood stains and chalk paints to bring their design alive with color and tone! All students will leave with a personal woodwork art piece they can hang on their wall that reflects their newly mastered wood working skills and their personal design and aesthetics. All materials will be provided. 

**_Artist/Woodworker:_** Wendy Renz


###Build Your Own Band

A beginner's electronics class for building sound objects and learning how sound travels. CAMPers make a working speaker and-or a cigar box guitar depending on developmental abilities.

**_Artist/Engineer:_** Ammo Eisu

 
###Cooking

Yum! This week CAMPers bake pretzels, cookies, muffins and more.  

**_Chef:_** Terry Betts

**_$440_**

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
