---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 3 (July 5-8)&#58; Missions Possible
category: start
image: https://photos-5.dropbox.com/t/2/AABSOdihAw0pyzUeP8IiGMYr3cz0Kh2krrOlRK_WFCb86A/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/superherocape.jpg/EPPnz0oY27YBIAIoAg/BaPALnu9K5LzWrQz2clQWcqcLimWnFQqIC22hMuLemo?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
image2: https://photos-1.dropbox.com/t/2/AADOAmLsayas46wSBXSaDJLXnGVWabsw7vb4Nx_ZxtVy_g/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/Books%20grouped%201-1.jpg/EPPnz0oY27YBIAIoAg/N21_VVOgTnwFCGVaEW4EK_exvfDJV8CMdV-Ct8uBlpE?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
---

###Sewing, Book-binding, Fermenting

###SuperHero Sewing

For their first mission, CAMPers create a unique felt patch that can be sewn (or otherwise attached) to a backpack or clothing and then dive into SuperHero mode and Mission Two, to design and sew a superhero cape replete with their own meaningful emblem. Alternately, CAMPers who prefer a more incognito and pragmatic superhero identity can sew a customized, fully lined tote bag using fun fabrics, and self-made carrying straps. 

**_Artist:_** April Gavin


###Art Books

Book-binding is an exciting and important craft! CAMPers learn and practice several different methods of hand-bound bookmaking from simple single sheet 'instant books' to sewn books with chipboard covers. CAMPers immerse themselves in many aspects of the craft including design and implementation beginning with and build take-away skills and knowledge to continue at home.  

**_Artist:_** Anna Kingsley

 
###A Universe in a Cup of Yogurt: Fun with Fermentation

Did you know that when you eat a bowl of homemade yogurt, you are eating around 1.5 trillion beneficial bacteria? You may think, “Wait, I don’t want to eat trillions of bacteria!” But these beneficial bacteria are the tiny invisible workers inside our bodies that make vitamins, help us digest food, protect us from bacteria that might make us sick and effect our energy levels and moods. In this class we will transform milk into yogurt and vegetables into pickles and more, all with simple tools and techniques that you can do at home. Bring on the bacteria!  

**_Artist:_** Helena Keeffe

**_$420_**

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
