---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 2 START (June 26-30)&#58; 
category: start
image: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/06ky84c3y4wpzk3/book%20making%20class.jpg?dl=0
image2: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/8vznwkc05wocbw2/ferment.jpg?dl=0
---

## Flip Books, Cooking, Heroes & Heroines

**_Special Discount Offer Through June 12!_**

**_Flip Off!_**
Flip books are the analog answer to TV cartoons. They are easy to make and fun to play with. With very little experience you can create your own short animated story that requires no electricity!
In this project, CAMPers will first create a very basic flip book using just one shape to animate. After this, we will learn to plan out our final book on a storyboard and then create the pages needed to achieve our animation.


**_Artist:_**Anna Kingsley


**_A Universe in a Cup of Yogurt_** (Science and Cooking)
Did you know that when you eat a bowl of homemade yogurt, you are eating around 1.5 trillion beneficial bacteria? You may think, “Wait, I don’t want to eat trillions of bacteria!” But these beneficial bacteria are the tiny invisible workers inside our bodies that make vitamins, help us digest food, protect us from bacteria that might make us sick and effect our energy levels and moods. In this class we will transform milk into yogurt and vegetables into pickles and more, all with simple tools and techniques that you can do at home. Bring on the bacteria! 

**_Artist:_**Helena Keefe 


**_Heroes & Heroines_**
CAMPers explore the special powers of heroes and heroines, and create plaster masks to represent protection, disguise or transformation. Drawing inspiration from Keith Haring, the Pixar movie “The Incredibles” and mask traditions from around the world, CAMPers work both collaboratively and individually to develop and realize their ideas.

**_Artist:_**Lori Now 

Regular Price: **_$450_**
SPECIAL Price Through June 12: **_$370_**
 
*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
