---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 4 START (July 9-13)&#58; 
category: start
image: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/4mkoez9sqojpl7t/VideoSM.jpg?dl=0
image2: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/5pfc8zkzkhj7wqd/SPS_PillowCreaturesOPTIM.jpg?dl=0
image3: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/272go22ed9ro7kw/wk4_Tin-UkeOPTIM.jpg?dl=0
---

## Video, Avatars, Ukes

**_Exquisite Corpse Video_**
Working in small groups, each group will be given one part of a story to realize as a video; beginning, middle, or end. We will film each section without seeing what the other groups are doing, and at week's end, we will premiere the result for all to enjoy! 
**_Artist: Selena Matranga_**


**_Selfies & Avatars_**
Campers will learn a variety of hand sewing techniques to make an anime or avatar stuffie version of themselves.
**_Artist:Angie Wilson_**


**_Uke Can Build it!_**
Sure, we recycle our soda and soup cans, but we could be playing them! This workshop upcycles various food cans and other materials to create fun versions of various stringed instruments. For starters we have the humble single stringed “Can-jo”. On this instrument we build we will explore how to tune the instrument and how to play a pentatonic blues scale. Next we have a multi stringed “Tin-Uke” . The Tin-Uke has a more advanced tuning system using eye hook screws and has a bigger acoustic resonating chamber made from a tin container. On this instrument we will learn to play a few barre chords and simple strumming technique. For the older and more advanced students we will build a “Can-plifier” amp that uses a piezo pickup, a 9 volt battery, a simple small speaker cone, some wire, and a can as a resonator. This easy electric amplifier can be built without a soldering iron and can be used with the “Can-jo”, “Tin-Uke”, or any acoustic sound!
A Thingamakids project by **_Dan Bales_**


**_$450_**

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*

Capacity: 45-48 CAMPers