---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 1 STart (June 20-24)&#58; Good Old Summertime
category: start
image: https://www.dropbox.com/s/yid65rwqho1782t/IMG_0355.JPG?dl=0raw=1
image2: https://photos-5.dropbox.com/t/2/AACWetJwGuPbQH0zPsiOV45BSc4hSio3sEA_wQlb_ZJNqQ/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/IMG_0318.JPG/EPPnz0oYubYBIAIoAg/vQugZhUgMwlGfnv6JoM5b_7R8VkRFUidBMxHMXHxfAk?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
image3: https://photos-4.dropbox.com/t/2/AADrMgheDxXKRnTqWo9FYnwYQA9jR1vBBxLgSWZp29DwJQ/12/96179569/jpeg/32x32/1/_/1/2/IMG_1188.JPG/EPPnz0oYyrYBIAIoAg/aCSPcqM2Z6HycYVWb79oWpWfdOyFXTgpZXImjjW0QMY?size=1024x768&size_mode=3
---

###3D Paper Arts

This is a fun craft that teaches about recycling while making a useful handmade product. Make paper in dip molds and also create beautiful paper from recycled scraps. Add decorative items to your paper including seeds and petals, and prepare it for writing or stamping. CAMPers learn a range of surface design techniques from comb paste paper to Japanese marbling, as well as ancient bookbinding techniques. CAMPers will use their self-made decorative papers to make hand-bound summer journals and accordion books embellished with tape, paper, photos, transfers, envelopes, pockets, keepsakes, and rubber stamps. 

**_Artist:_** Shân Jones


###BUGS, BIRDS AND BATS

In this painting & collage projects CAMPers will create artwork inspired by things that fly. Literature sources will include stories and facts about various creatures. Some of the projects will be creating painted papers and collages inspired by Eric Carle; mixed media watercolor paintings of insects; and Chinese ink brush paintings of California native birds. 

**_Artist:_** Lori Now


###COOKING

Peaches, strawberries, tomatoes, oh my! Experience the bounty of Bay Area summer food through hands-on cooking classes. CAMPers will begin to develop knife skills, learn to balance flavors, try new foods, and of course, there will be at least one day of baking. We focus on local and seasonal foods at CAMP 510, and the menus for each week reflect the optimum flavor and perfection of what is available. 

**_Chef:_** Nicole Thomas

**_$420_**

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
