---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 6 STart (July 24-28)&#58; 
category: start
image: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/xto4h777ep9qaat/cape.jpg?dl=0
image2: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/krgtry5p1xzjj7d/tailed.jpg?dl=0
---

Ceramics, Sewing, Paper Arts


**_CERAMICS_** 
In this session, campers will be introduced to the basics of hand-building ceramic objects. We will experiment with form and texture by utilizing different techniques for building and surface design, including carving and using found objects to press into the clay surface. Campers are invited to explore and develop their creativity by taking their ideas from concept to realization in 3 dimensional form. 

**_Artist:_**Aliza Cord


**_SuperHero Sewing_** 
For their first mission, CAMPers create a unique felt patch that can be sewn to a backpack or clothing. We go into SuperHero mode and design and sew a cape. Since all SuperHeroes need an arch enemy, we can also create a villain’s costume. Once our crime-fighting is done, we will settle into weave and sew projects using potholder looms and hand stitching. CAMPers can create bags, phone cases, and a variety of colorful projects.

**_Artist:_**April Gavin

 
**_Mail Art Madness_**
Sending mail is old fashioned, dumb, and Really Boring, right? Not so! Sending mail to friends and family is a fun, hands-on way to keep in touch and let people know they are special. Did you know you can mail just about Anything as long as there is a stamp and address on it? Did you know that envelopes can be hand made out of magazines, paper bags, fabric, and thin metals? Did you know that you don't even have to write an actual letter to send someone mail. Drawings, short notes, silly things can all be put in an envelope and mailed off to a friend. It’s like getting presents in your mailbox... and the more you send, the more you get back!
CAMPers will learn to create their very own personalized stationery set for themselves using materials such as a table-top die cut machine, rubber stamps, paints, collage, and anything else that sparks their imagination. We may even do a practice mailing!

**_Artist:_**Anna Kingsley 


**_$450_**

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
