---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 8 STart (August 8-12)&#58; Sonic Stuff
category: start
image: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/7p6yel7qcupbxfv/kitster_10k.jpg?dl=0
---

### Capoeira, Sewing Collage, Cooking


### Capoeira

Capoeira is a dynamic expression of Afro-Brazilian culture. The game of capoeira derived from a variety of ceremonial dances and ritualized forms of combat, that most likely came from the western nations of Africa. Capoeira became an activity that drew together people of African descent, becoming a nucleus for maintaining African traditions in the Americas. From the 1900’s on, capoeira began to cross ethnic backgrounds and cultural borders. Today capoeira is an international activity practiced all over the world. It embodies the spirit of community and gives it’s practitioners a means to personal growth and liberation from social and personal constraints.


**_Mestre:_** Professor Pincel


###Creative Creatures (Sewing)

Imagine and then bring to life stuffed monsters, animals, and other fantastic friends. CAMPers use colorful socks and gloves to sew these collaged creatures, drawing inspiration from anime, illustrated books, and our wide imaginations.

**_Artist:_** Angie Wilson


### Cooking

This week chefs make treats from around the world including spring rolls, gyoza and tamales. Local produce sourced from Blue Heron Farms, Dirty Girl Produce, Full Belly Farms and Riverdog Farm. 

**_Chef:_** Terry Betts

**_$420_**

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
